Bump nokogiri from 1.7.1 to 1.13.6 (#28)
UKHomeOfficeForms/hof-guide: wiki/HOF_Framework/getting-started.md

hof is built in [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/), and so you'll need that installed first. At present all versions 4 and above are supported, although it is recommended that you use the [latest LTS version](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS#lts-schedule).

> hof also requires npm version 3 or greater, and yarn. You can check your installed versions by running `npm -v` and `yarn -v` and update to the latest versions by running `npm install -g npm@latest` and `npm install -g yarn`.

Reviewer: looking at package.json, actually requires npm >= 6.14.0, not version 3 or greater. I think it would be a matter of the team's preference whether to use npm or yarn, using both wouldn't make sense for development, at least. We could add the Yarn version to the 'engines' field if needed, although I haven't tested it and can't suggest the minimum required version.

package.json engines ref:
```
"engines": {
  "node": ">=10.22.1",
  "npm": ">=6.14.0"
}
```

I would suggest to reword it, to add a bit more details and context perhaps:

```suggestion
HOF requires Node.js version 10.22.1 or greater and npm version 6.14.0 or greater.
While you can use either npm or yarn for package management, the test scripts for hof expect yarn to be available.

You can check your installed versions by running `node -v`, `npm -v`, and `yarn -v` and update to the latest versions by running `npm install -g npm@latest` and `npm install -g yarn`.
```

Reviewer 2: @dk4g thanks for the suggestions! Makes sense to me, I don't know the ins and outs of the framework, so I'm happy to take your advice and reword the guide to reflect the right approach.

Reviewer 3: Hi a previous senior dev had some issues with dependencies inside dependencies with npm but he was able to fix the issue with yarn so he switched hof to yarn.  I would just stick to yarn in docs and our framework and not npm.  We use yarn.lock in most of our prod services.  We should check though across other services.
We need to be aligned on this so let's discuss in a tech session and update our docs to reflect we support yarn and can't guarantee the framework's compatibility with npm
